h1. Google Reader Client

Access your Google Reader account from Ruby:

<pre><code>require "google_reader"
# Get an instance of a client like this
client = GoogleReader::Client.authenticate(USERNAME, PASSWORD)

# Then, call any of these
client.unread_items
client.read_items
client.broadcast_items
client.body_link_used_items
client.item_link_used_items
client.clicked_through_items
client.emailed_items
client.starred_items

# To receive an Array of Atom Entries:
item = client.items.unread
p item.title
p item.categories
p item.id
p item.published_at
p item.updated_at
p item.href
p item.author_unknown?
p item.author
p item.source
p item.liking_users
p item.summary
</code></pre>

h2. Ruby Library

google_reader's specifications are certified to run on MRI 1.9.2, MRI 1.8.7, REE 1.8.7-2011-03, Rubinius head (2011/05/03) and JRuby 1.6.0 (in 1.8 mode).

h2. LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008-2009 François Beausoleil (francois@teksol.info)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
